 Throughout the heavens
 and earth I alone am the honored one.
 I amhnay.
 Oh my god
 Fly, book!
 Here goes enough to the light.
 Yeah, yeah. Oh, wait for me. Ha.
 andERIOS AHTporu
 Good.
 Thank you.
 okay who said fly book here goes enough of a light
 skit skit skit
 She's having a
 Kids kids kids
 skids skids
 I'm gonna smash out body
 cri ones cry both
 skibbity bop bop yes yes skibbity skibbity
 Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
 Yes, yes.
 I was gonna smash off the body.
 Bop bop yes yes kibidee skibidee
 Hahahaha
 Skibidi, skibidi, skibidi, bop, bop.
 Stay at the list.
 The reason for a
 and usability in the box in the Philippines. Yes, put forward by the...
 Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm okay. That's the very one that is.
 You know that most of the stars are male.
 At history from male perspective the informal paragraph
 before testing for the penal accuracy in an excerpt from motion.
 short story published in 2000 titled Bucket.
 Mata gal ang sundokko by Christine Carnell
 which is officially translated by YS Mommy Late.
 by Adarina House Children's Stories.
 English.
 This formal bar got for testing for the pin-locker CSNX- Wait I sh-
 This is where I'm gonna finish the following
 Oh fuck it's Filipino
 Thank you.
 3
 lobdaws owned by the researchers which can be run
 which can run with several videos and testing for the world.
 information loss of the applications testing will be done
 by recording the recitation of pyroghos.
 One.
 Okay, likewise.
 the informal paragraph for testing
 English transcription accuracy is the official translation for the informal
 paragraph in Filipino.
 English is the following just wait here okay your mom
 is most likely stuck in traffic," said the
 guard at the gate so I waited and waited
 I had trouble keeping on the bench. Mommy was still not
 inside I wonder what happened to mommy
 to bad She
 she died she died she died she died
 Okay, oh no.
 She died, she died.
 Hahahaha
 No, 3.30.
Taxi
 MM000
 speech so thanks my Google
 Yeah

 Killer Hell is little bit of research is getting run!
 We'll be using testing the word information loss of the application
 testing will be done recording at the recitation of our guest one to
 Wait what? The one by laptop using a microphone!
 of 10 participants separately. A microphone will be.
 to achieve a higher quality recording compared to only using
 the Lob Plus own microphone can see quickly this
 recitations will be recorded in the amplitude.
 audio format
 I'm still doing back hogs.
 Thank you.
 Hey, yo!
 It just has to kick off every now and then.
 The differential laws for different categories will be calculated for more and for more.
 of male and female whisper application and text to speech of
 Google, moreover, the base model of the original videos.
 There will be only one microphone usage.
 ZRZ siren mini microphone for receiving audio input for the more
 the specification of each laptop as follows.
 Lot of advice man
 Okay. I nooway need it.
 Ha ha ha.
 Shit.
time for that then.
 Just here I'm dumb shit
 Thank you.
 I'll be right out of here.
 The accuracy of the develop application is where information loss or
 We just reviewed the seems that is inverted on
 the Lord of the will is the higher.
 accuracy transcription in the aforementioned study it was shown that the
 is better at determining error rate than we're because we're
 There's no upper bound which means that it can go above 100% on
 The other hand, we cannot go above 100% making it better.
 Method for comparing the performances of different speech recognition systems to...
 We will be open as follows.
 Hahahaha
 The Lord of the will.
 Thank you.
 Thank you.
 That's bad. Oh, there he is. Knock it down.
 Not decent.
 The X
 bruh muh gobh jd Local K Gut
 Ronin Optimus
 I hope you have a great day, and I hope you have a great day!
 hear
 I can't get the word error rate according to the study of
 hever the order
 the video speech because you promote the Lord whatever it is that
quiet accuracy
 Oh, he has cancer.
 which means we turn this place where ocean waves go view the river
 Oh, you can't get in there.
 Running off
 I love you, I love you.
 Noooooo
 I don't know.
 That's why we're Storm
 Most of our Friends have been build homes for almost half an hour.
 Per-per-per- Per-per-per-per-per-
 restaurant 80-30 split between this I need a program
 encoding respectively. The methodology is
 focus of avoiding earth and earth effects 32 so stop
 So if they're going to reduce the time spent in debugging rewriting their entire program, please
 You'll have to be
 Let's just already evaluate the game
 this side is very fine and finalize the team will be doing two groups of progress
 in the beginning capital for the
 features of the program if you're ready according to the certification the kitty drinks
 The very beginning!
 We were tiny motherplants cause
 Testing methods to verify the accuracy and efficiency of the program.
 development testing of the increment are both completed.
 testing team will verify the progress accuracy and efficiency in different areas.
 in the sub-data program, the cost of the area is identified in the feature.
 Is it refrogrammed? Who the? Ha ha ha ha ha!
 overl configured
 just the programming team their access to the testing code is
 We're in the results of the testing team
 That's why they're doing the test, so determine whether the increment of history starts
 Yes
 Defect the program or proceed to the next experiment where they are.
 Try and pick up the
 That's what happened.
 I was telling a stroke.
 This is a part where I actually smoke the...
 three fucking
 Avoiding Earth and Earth-FX.
 so soft what the fuck..
 .
 ...
 Hahahaha
 Hahahaha
 I'm begging.
 The research of this was
 So I next time really like to eat with the knowledge just to resource small game projects.
 Grab your application by virtue of the bellows
 him up I feel the blood really
 develop cyber legacy. If you're programming, just consider your piece.
 a more small scale version of the entire program process that the application is
 completed. Screw wearing the developer processes.
 The city repeated in short sprints to implement.
 until the program is complete.
 preventing the errors in the program during the development through the
 constant testing.
 unified process which consists of the cycle of research planning development.
 these kk team members. Thank you for being here and
 features that are considered inessential and allowing
 all development stages to be performed simultaneously.
 These are a video driven FBI
 the planning, design and building process for every.
 feature adaptive process
 Which was the best operation
 application based off of the project leader.
 And from the risk response.
 software developer which focuses on decentralizing the development
 process encouraging collaboration in all development process.
 Microsoft solutions framework which is based
 Encor principles from Microsoft encourages collaboration.
 contribution and shared responsibility.
 I just know what part.
 What is this?
 What if you stop the train?
 Oh yeah, he'll be next time for a bar meeting.
 What's up?
 It's...
 I'm sorry, it's okay. I Accul].
 in the background. Hahaha. Hahaha.
 We.
 under
 Yes!
 Thank you.
 Thank you.
